DOCS-12204 (#166)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/users.adoc

* *Disable*: Disables the user in the selected organization or business group. They are no longer able to log in.
* *Delete*: When deleting from the top level Organization, all of the user's roles/permissions are removed and the user becomes unattached. When deleting from a business group, all of the user's roles/permissions for only the selected business group are removed.

== Before You Begin

> Before getting started, ensure you have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before getting started, ensure that you have:
```

* The Organization Administrator permission

> * The API Version Owner permission if you plan on managing user permissions for your API version

Reviewer: easier to translate:
```suggestion
* The API Version Owner permission if you plan to manage user permissions for your API version
```
